Doc/open source doc updates3 (#79)
IBM/ibm-generative-ai: GETTING_STARTED.md

import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv
import genai.extensions.langchain
from genai.extensions.langchain import LangChainInterface
from genai.schemas import GenerateParams
from genai import Credentials, Model, PromptPattern

load_dotenv()
api_key = os.getenv("GENAI_KEY", None)
api_endpoint = os.getenv("GENAI_API", None)
creds = Credentials(api_key, api_endpoint)
params = GenerateParams(decoding_method="greedy")

# As LangChain Model
langchain_model = LangChainInterface(model="google/flan-ul2", params=params, credentials=creds)
print(langchain_model("Answer this question: What is life?"))

# As GenAI Model
genai_model = Model(model="google/flan-ul2", params=params, credentials=creds)
print(genai_model.generate(["Answer this question: What is life?"])[0].generated_text)

# GenAI prompt pattern to langchain PromptTemplate and vice versa
seed_pattern = PromptPattern.from_str("Answer this question: {{question}}")
template = seed_pattern.langchain.as_template()
pattern = PromptPattern.langchain.from_template(template)

print(langchain_model(template.format(question="What is life?")))
print(genai_model.generate([pattern.sub("question", "What is life?")])[0].generated_text)
```

> ## <a name='Model Types'></a>Model Types
> 
> Model types can be imported from the [ModelType class](src/genai/schemas/models.py). If you want to use a model that is not included in this class, you can pass it as a string as exemplified [here](src/genai/schemas/models.py).

Reviewer: Since we are deprecating ModelType maybe let's say something like:
```suggestion
## <a name='[Deprecated] Model Types'></a>[Deprecated] Model Types

Model types can be imported from the [ModelType class](src/genai/schemas/models.py). If you want to use a model that is not included in this class, you can pass it as a string as exemplified [here](src/genai/schemas/models.py).

Models can be selected by passing their string id to the Model class as exemplified [here](src/genai/schemas/models.py).
```
